PETE LEPAGE: Chrome 62 makes
the Network Information
API more useful by providing
actual performance metrics
instead of theoretical results.
Support for OpenType
variable fonts has landed,
you can capture media streams
from HTML media elements,
and I've got a special reminder
about an important change
that's landing in Chrome 62
at the end of this video.
So, be sure to stick around.
I'm Pete LePage.
Let's dive in and see what's
new for developers in Chrome 62.
The Network Information API
has been available in Chrome
for a while, but it only
provides theoretical network
speeds given the
users connection.
Imagine you're on Wi-Fi but
connected to a cellular hotspot
that only has 2G speeds.
The API would report Wi-Fi.
In Chrome 62, the
API has been expanded
to provide actual
network performance
metrics from the client.
Using these network
quality signals,
you can tailor content
to the network.
For example, on very
slow connections,
you could improve
page load performance
by serving a reduced version.
To simplify your
application logic,
the API returns to the
measured network performance
in terms of how it would compare
to a cellular connection.
For example, connected to a
super, fast fiber connection,
the API would report 4G.
These signals will
also be available
as HTTP request headers and
enabled via client hands.
Check out the sample link
below and have a look
at the spec to dive deeper.
Traditionally, one font
contain only a single instance
of a font family.
For example, one
weight or one stretch.
If you wanted regular
bold and italic,
you'd need to include three
separate fonts, increasing
the weight of your page.
An OpenType variable
front is the equivalent
of multiple individual fonts
that can be compactly packaged
within a single font file.
By adjusting certain
CSS properties,
stretch, style,
weight, and more,
can easily be adjusted
providing an infinite number
of stylistic variations.
Those three fonts
can now be combined
into a single compact file.
OpenType variable fonts
gives us a powerful new tool
to create responsive typography
and reduce our page weight.
You can now live capture
content into a media stream
directly from an HTML media
element, like audio and video,
with the media capture
from DOM Elements API.
After invoking capture stream
on an HTML media element,
the streamed content can then
be manipulated, processed,
sent remotely, or recorded.
Imagine using Web
Audio to create
your own equalizer a vocoder
or stream the content
to a remote site using WebRTC.
The possibilities
are almost endless.
These are just a few of
the changes in Chrome 62
for developers.
Of course, there's plenty more.
The Payment Request API is now
available on Chrome for iOS.
You can start building
experimental, rich VR
experiences with the
WebVR Origin Trial.
Oh, and one more.
As we announced previously,
starting in Chrome 62,
when a user enters
data on an HTTP page,
Chrome will mark the page
is not secure with a label
in the address bar.
This label will also be shown
in all incognito windows
for all HTTP pages.
Check the description
for full details.
All the details, including
links, docs, and specs,
are in the description below.
And be sure to check out the
latest, new Chrom DevTools
video for all the new
stuff in Chrome DevTools.
Then, click the
Subscribe button,
and you'll get an
email notification
whenever we launch a new video.
I'm Pete page and as soon
as Chrome 63 is released,
I'll be right here to tell
you what's new in Chrome.